#summary Howto create custom themes and noteskins
#labels Featured

= Abstract = 
TapMania supports themes and noteskins at the engine level.
Well, you can't pick one in options at the moment but you definitely can hack around with the default theme.
This page describes exactly how one can do that.

= Themes =
Themes are located in the '/Applications/TapMania.app/themes/' directory.
You can create custom themes since 0.1.4 release. Don't mess with the default theme please :P

The layout of that directory is close to the one used by stepmania. But most important is the *Metrics.plist* file. You can hack it to assign different positions to UI elements in the game.

Ok. There are also a couple of directories there:
- Fonts -- This is not used atm since we use system fonts. You can notice some files in there.. they are not used atm.
- Sounds -- This is not used atm.. just because I didn't code the engine for that.
- Graphics -- This is used intensively!

As you could understand already.. your interest is in the Graphics folder.
That folder contains images. You must never change filenames here. 
Also notice the .redir files. You can put a .png file with an graphic instead of that file. Just be sure to keep the name (e.g. Graphic.redir becomes Graphic.png).
Using .redir files is pretty simple.. it's just a redirect which means that the image with the name before the .redir extension will be available as a copy of the image specified in the .redir file. (e.g. fubar.redir contains: "../fu/bar/another.png". This will make fubar available as a copy of another.png image).

= Noteskins =
Noteskins are located in the '/Applications/TapMania.app/noteskins/' directory.
Noteskins can be hacked in the same way as themes can. You are limited to the default noteskin atm. 
The noteskins system is pretty straightforward at the current state so no need to talk about it.

Happy hacking :)